.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii mash_client.conf.5
.\"
.TH mash_client.conf.5
.SH NAME
{profile}.yaml \- Configuration file for the mash client
.SH DESCRIPTION
The mash client is the command line tool to interact with a mash server.
The mash command by default reads a configuration file from
.IR ~/.config/mash_client.
The mash client supports so called profiles. Each profile is represented by
a configuration file in the configuration directory with the file name of
.IR profile.yaml.
This allows a user of mash to configure multiple target mash servers and/or
multiple users on a given mash server, if the target mash server supports
multiple user configuration. The support of multiple users on the mash server
is controlled by the mash server administrator. In most cases the mash server
will be configured to use OIDC (Open ID Connect) in which case only a single
user account per mash user should exist on the mash server.

The configuration file syntax is YAML style expressed as
.IR key:value
pairs.
.PP
email
.RS 4
Set the e-mail for the mash user account to be used for this profile for
authentication to the mash server. If the server is configured to use OIDC
the client will set the value based on the e-mail from the OIDC server.
Please check with your mash server administrator.

.B Example

email: foo@example.com
.RE
.PP
host
.RS 4
The mash client communicates with the mash server using the http protocol.
Depending on the server setup encrypted communication, i.e. https, is also
supported. The
.IR host
and
.IR port
settings work in conjunction in that it is possible to specify a server
configured for
.IR https
as using the http protocol on port 443 (if the server runs TLS on the
default port) or by specifying the host as using
.IR https,
and not specifying the
.IR port
configuration option, if the server accepts communication on the default
TLS port of 443.

.B Examples

\fI Using TLS on a non default port\fP

host: http//:127.0.0.1

port: 9045

\fI Using TLS on the default port\fP

host: https://127.0.0.1
.RE
.PP
log_level
.RS 4
Set the log level to use for submitted jobs. Log level values follow the
Python log setting, https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#levels

.B Example

log_level: 30
.RE
.PP
port
.RS 4
The
.IR port
setting works in conjunction with the
.IR host
setting and is used to specify the port on which the mash server API is
set up. Please check with the mash server administrator for this information.
If the server uses the default port for the protocol (http or https) specified
with the
.IR host
setting the
.IR port
value does not need to be set.

.B Example

port: 8080
.RE
.PP
no_color
.RS 4
By default the output of the mash command is colorized. Setting this
option to
.IR false
enables ANSI colorized output to the terminal. Not all terminals support
colorized output and this may lead to the output of control characters as
part of the return of a mash command execution.

.B Example

no_color: false
.RE
.PP
verify
.RS 4
In cases where the mash server is configured to use TLS server certificate
validation is enabled by default. If the server has a self signed certificate
and the certificate has not been imported into the system chain of trust
mash commands will fail with a certificate verification error. Setting the
verification to
.IR false
disables certificate validation. Alternatively the value may also be a path
to a specific certificate. This allows verification against a self signed
certificate that has not been imported to the trust chain on the system.

.B Examples

verify: false

verify: /home/my_user/mash_server_cert/mash_server.pem
.RE
