.TH "MASH" "1" "2025-05-19" "4.3.0" "mash Manual"
.SH NAME
mash \- The command line interface allows you to...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mash
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
    The command line interface allows you to interact with a MASH server.
.PP
    It provides commands to submit jobs to the MASH server pipeline or
    add/delete a user account.
    
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fP
Show the version and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-license\fP
Show license information.
.TP
\fB\-C,\fP \-\-config\-dir PATH
MASH client config directory to use. Default: ~/.config/mash_client/
.TP
\fB\-\-profile\fP TEXT
The configuration profile to use. Expected to match a config file in config directory. Example: production, for ~/.config/mash_client/production.yaml
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-color\fP
Remove ANSI color and styling from output.
.TP
\fB\-\-host\fP TEXT
Resolvable hostname for the MASH server instance. A protocol is required in the hostname: Either http:// or https://. If it is not provided the default http:// will be used.
.TP
\fB\-\-port\fP TEXT
The port number the MASH server is listening on.
.TP
\fB\-\-debug\fP
Display debug level logging to console.
.TP
\fB\-\-verbose\fP
Display logging info to console. (Default)
.TP
\fB\-\-quiet\fP
Disable console output.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBjob\fP
  Submit job requests to the MASH server...
  See \fBmash-job(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBjob\fP command.
.PP
\fBaccount\fP
  Submit account requests to the MASH server.
  See \fBmash-account(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBaccount\fP command.
.PP
\fBauth\fP
  Submit authentication requests.
  See \fBmash-auth(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBauth\fP command.
.PP
\fBuser\fP
  Submit user requests.
  See \fBmash-user(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBuser\fP command.
.PP
\fBconfig\fP
  Provides commands to setup and view client...
  See \fBmash-config(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBconfig\fP command.
