.TH "MASH JOB" "1" "2025-05-19" "4.3.0" "mash job Manual"
.SH NAME
mash\-job \- Submit job requests to the MASH server...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mash job
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
    Submit job requests to the MASH server pipeline.
    
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBdelete\fP
  Delete the job with the given ID from the...
  See \fBmash job-delete(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdelete\fP command.
.PP
\fBinfo\fP
  Get info for a job in the MASH server...
  See \fBmash job-info(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBinfo\fP command.
.PP
\fBlist\fP
  List all jobs in the MASH server pipeline.
  See \fBmash job-list(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlist\fP command.
.PP
\fBstatus\fP
  Get basic status for a job in the MASH...
  See \fBmash job-status(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstatus\fP command.
.PP
\fBwait\fP
  Wait for job to arrive at finished or...
  See \fBmash job-wait(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBwait\fP command.
.PP
\fBtest-results\fP
  Display test results for a job in the MASH...
  See \fBmash job-test-results(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBtest-results\fP command.
.PP
\fBazure\fP
  Submit Azure job requests.
  See \fBmash job-azure(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBazure\fP command.
.PP
\fBec2\fP
  Submit EC2 job requests.
  See \fBmash job-ec2(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBec2\fP command.
.PP
\fBgce\fP
  Submit GCE job requests.
  See \fBmash job-gce(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBgce\fP command.
.PP
\fBoci\fP
  Submit OCI job requests.
  See \fBmash job-oci(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBoci\fP command.
.PP
\fBaliyun\fP
  Submit Aliyun job requests.
  See \fBmash job-aliyun(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBaliyun\fP command.
