.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii mash-account-add-azure.1
.\"
.TH "MASH ACCOUNT ADD AZURE" "1" "27-Aug-2018" "" "mash account add azure Manual"
.SH NAME
mash\-account\-add\-azure \- Add Azure account.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mash account add azure
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add an Azure account in the user name space on the \fImash\fP server. See
\fBmash-account-add(1)\fP for details about user name-spaces. Unless
otherwise noted options are required.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--name\fP ACCOUNT_NAME
A name for the account to create. This name must be unique within the 
user name-space on the \fImash\fP server.
.TP
\fB--container\fP CONTAINER_NAME
The name of the storage container in which to store the image to be uploaded
for testing or release. The container must exist in the given
\fIRESOURCE_GROUP\fP, \fISTORAGE_ACCOUNT\fP, and \fIREGION\fP.
.TP
\fB--region\fP REGION_NAME
The name of the region in which the image is going to be uploaded for
testing or release. The \fIREGION_NAME\fP must be one of the Azure regions,
\fIuseast\fP for example.
.TP
\fB--resource-group\fP RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME
The name of the resource group in the given \fIREGION\fP that holds the
\fISTORAGE_ACCOUNT\fP that contains the given \fICONTAINER\fP.
.TP
\fB--storage-account\fP STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME
The name of the storage account that contains the given
\fICONTAINER\fP to which the image to be tested or released is to be
uploaded.
.TP
\fB--credentials\fP CREDENTIALS_PATH
??? Shouldn't we take the account key instead, or do we need the publish
settings file to run azcopy on the backend to put the image into ASM ???
.TP
\fB\--group\fP GROUP_NAME
Optionally associate the account with a group. A group can be used to
facilitate testing or release of an image in multiple accounts.
.SH AUTHOR
SUSE Public Cloud Team (public-cloud-dev@susecloud.net)
