.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii mash-account-add-ec2.1
.\"
.TH "MASH ACCOUNT ADD EC2" "1" "27-Aug-2018" "" "mash account add ec2 Manual"
.SH NAME
mash\-account\-add\-ec2 \- Add EC2 account.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mash account add ec2
[OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add EC2 account in the user name space on the \fImash\fP server. See
\fBmash-account-add(1)\fP for details about user name-spaces. Unless
otherwise noted options are required.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--access-id\fP ACCESS_KEY_ID
The AWS API \fIACCESS_KEY\fP.
.TP
\fB--name\fP ACCOUNT_NAME
A name for the account to create. This name must be unique within the 
user name-space on the \fImash\fP server.
.TP
\fB--partition\fP PARTITION_NAME
The partition in which the EC2 account exists. Supported values
are \fIaws\fP, \fIaws-cn\fP, and \fIaws-us-gov\fP. An image for
testing or release may, by default, be uploaded to any region in the
partition associated with the account. This behavior can be modified during
job submission, see \fBmash-job-add(1)\fP for details. The default behavior
requires that the same ssh key-pair, associated with the account being created,
is available in all regions in the given \fIPARTITION\fP.
.TP
\fB--secret-key\fP SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
The AWS API \fISECRET_KEY\fP
.TP
\fB--ssh-key-pair\fP AWS_KEY_PAIR_NAME
The key-pair name as it exists in AWS.
.TP
\fB--ssh-private-key\fP SSH_PRIVATE_KEY
The path of the private ssh key file for the given key-pair. The key will be
stored as an encrypted blob on the mash server.
.TP
\fB\--additional-region\fP <EC2_REGION_NAME HELPER_AMI_ID>...
Add an additional region in the given \fIPARTITION\fP that this account has
access to. The option may be used multiple times.
Example: `--additional-region us-east-1 ami-123`
.TP
\fB\--group\fP GROUP_NAME
Optionally associate the account with a group. A group can be used to
facilitate testing or release of an image in multiple accounts.
.SH AUTHOR
SUSE Public Cloud Team (public-cloud-dev@susecloud.net)
